Thank you, good afternoon, thank you to H.H.Delis, and welcome everyone, thank you.
Again, we're going to strengthen our beautiful motivation of the joy and appreciation, and then
both each other.
The vastness, the motivation of both each other, and as well as the three major states of the Vaj
rayana teaching.
Vajrayana home, Vajrayana song, and Vajrayana mind and space.
And we activate the beautiful motivation, and then we're going to collect again the teachings by Y
apji Dunu,
and we are continually going on these topics.
And now we discussed this vast time, we discussed those basic views of how the samsara is, and how
samsara are.
And we went through those four different forms, which is also known as the whole training of the
mind.
Those are the basic general teachings, and this is not, as I said many times, this is not just a
kind of like extraordinary teachings.
But it's very common, this general knowledge of the way the samsara is, all samsara are operating
over what nature is.
It's very important to know, because this is again nothing to do with religions or not, but it is
related to our day to day life situation.
So I think it's very good to become more familiar, more knowledgeable, the situation and the
circumstances, and that is according to Buddhism that is a wisdom.
You know where things are, it's important.
And once we have an understanding, then we are allowed to train our mind, which is also known as
following the path, path to truth.
So we are following the path. That means we like to change the samsara situation, or we like to
change our perception and conceptions of the samsaras.
And those are depends. You like to change that completely, or you like to transform that.
And reality in the very inner teaching or the Mahayana teaching, there is nothing need to be
changed externally, but we have to change our attitude or our mind.
And that when we change our mind or the attitude or the perception, then samsara is fine. Why?
Samsara is nirvana. There's nothing really anything wrong. It is perfect.
But because of our grasping, clinging, and habitification that we accumulated so many lifetimes, we
spoiled our perceptions.
We spoiled our conceptions. That we do often in our lives too.
Many times, it turned our own perception against our will. Will. And clashing between these two.
Will, our own will, will, and our own perception are really clashing. Both are our mind.
But this twisted mind of duality is so funny, and so tricky, and so stubborn, and it will always
make trouble to our own self.
Even we didn't notice those things. Those things, in reality, we're making our self these troubles.
Similarly, when we proceed of the samsara, then it turned in a way. Perception is self-tuned to us.
So, now, what in Buddhism said? We have to change the perception. We have to change our mind.
When we change our mind, reveal it is natural, and release the habit patterns, and those kind of
attitude,
then all the environment will become more clear, more bright, more simple, more beautiful,
beautiful.
And this world goes on and on as we purify our own perceptions. And that is known as the following
path, practicing.
And this is a natural bone beauty that we're revealing from this. This is not going to become
addicted.
This is not going to lead us to more headaches, because it's our in-bone beauty and nature,
and it is our in-bone discovery of our own potential, our goodness, and all the beautiful skills,
the methods,
and the creative abilities, understanding, knowledge are really shining everything, like bloom as
spring.
It just comes. This spring must be arising from the within, from our mind.
That is what beauty of the nature of the mind, or the beauty of the mind is inconceivable, vastness
that we should reveal.
So that is really what we are talking about, turning the mind toward dharma, or following the path,
the path of truth.
That truth, what we're the regular teachers, Buddha has given us as a path of truth.
This is the truth, and we follow with this, and we follow with this. It will bring the truth, the
result.
It's not going to deceive us or let us down again, as in samsara does. It won't let us down.
It really will make stronger, it will make more courageous, more committed, more reduced in joy and
confidence.
All this will come. So therefore, that is known as truth.
Follow with the path of truth will bring the cessation of truth.
Cessation of truth means all habeke patterns are removed, now ceased.
All habeke patterns, all negativeities, all those impurities are completely ceased, finished, gone.
Then what is? Then true sunshine will arise, and it will shine all the time.
Never going to setting, setting, or never going, it will always shine.
And that is known as cessation of truth. Path of truth will bring the cessation.
So now, when you follow the path of truth, then what in the Buddha's teaching, take the rafuddhi.
Those are two poems. Take rafuddhi into the Buddha, Dharma, and the Sanghas.
And now, the call, and rafuddhi is the foundation of the entire Buddha's teachings.
All the vows, and initiations, and transmissions, and blessings, all the really best of the rafudd
hi.
But the call of rafuddhi is, as I said, what the great master Vermaal Makara highlighted of the two
things.
One is fear, or the tired, and the bored, and the other is then devotions, or the pared.
So pared and devoured, as well as tired of samsara, will be the cause of the rafuddhi.
And then, a day, and how we develop the pared.
Pared, and those are then highlighted by the great master Yumi Nampa.
And he said, contract with his spiritual friend, that also he applied spiritual teachers, or
qualified spiritual teacher.
And he accompanied or associated him with his spiritual friend.
And then, remembering the call of the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, or reading the books of the
Buddha's teachings.
And then, fourth one, and then samsara, the situation.
Those we already discussed, of those four, the known section, thought, or point, that will change
the mind.
So those are all known as the cause of the pared.
So once we develop those, we do a pared.
And again, pared is so important, I make quite few stories, and as well as you know.
You all know those stories.
And then, again, I talk about maybe one more of that.
Pared is so important.
Important, if you have, even it is, how many different paves?
The interesting pared, desired pared, pared of a desire, and then trusty pared, and then, final one
, unshakable pared.
So among that, each of those has a big power, and we really have that.
Each of those.
Of course, that all will go deeper and deeper and deeper, or stronger and stronger.
So that means that this desire of pared is more stronger than the interesting pared.
According to Buddha's teaching, how we develop the desire of pared, that you develop, because of
course, of course, you have to have interestings.
You have to inspire yourself, or interest pared.
Once you do have the interest pared, then you have more curiosity to explore.
So according to Buddhism, then you study.
You're studying and contemplating. Starting or reading books on the Buddha's teaching will develop
the desirable pared.
It will bring that. It will inspire you stronger.
Once you have the desire of pared, then you will develop the third one, trusty confidence.
That, in the Buddha's teaching, says you will develop by contemplating on the teachings, studying
and contemplating,
and then also practicing that will bring confidence, trusty pared.
Once you have developed that pared, third one, develop, then if we continually study and practice
meditating and contemplating,
it will bring the fourth one, uncheckable.
Uncheckable pared is maybe similar terminology if I use it at the world level, loyalties.
You become loyalty to the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, and you become loyalty to your practice, or one's
own practice.
You're now really outpouring that. You see the value and importance, you're not going to give up
any reasons.
Because it's good for me, it's good for the others, it is absolutely good from the beginning,
good in the middle, and good in the ending, it has good value, and therefore, this is my long last
apprenticeship
until I read the Enlightenment or finally discover.
So you become very loyalty in a normal language, and the teaching makes it impaliable, impaliable
reference, or devotion, impaliable reference.
Now, with that, then, now you take reference.
And generally, in Buddhism, when you take reference, these two causes are very general.
That's because, again, I'm going to remind this, tired with samsara and pared,
or some degree pared to the Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, that is a cause of reference.
But in Mahayana, added one more, which is compassion.
So that means, in Mahayana, has three. So, tired of the samsara and pared to the Buddha, Dharma,
Sangha,
then fundamental cause or that is cause of taking reference is compassion.
What that means? That is, according to Mahayana teaching, you see the situation and the
circumstances in the samsara.
Every living being is going through all the challenges.
Everyone is running to achieve some degree of the peace and happiness or desirable things.
Running, everyone is really running, in a way, all the time.
But yet, they're not achieving everything what they want. Always it's stronger.
Always it looks like kind of bouncing to the rocky mountains, not really going through exactly as
you want it.
And then, when they're experiencing, they're bouncing to the rocky mountains or the sand mountains,
climbing up the sand mountains, they're not comfortable.
So therefore, feel great compassion.
Feel compassion. All living beings are really sincerely led to help.
All the beings, therefore, I'm going to take whatever method I need to develop,
skills to benefit, to help with things, to all these beings.
Sincerity having that attitude in the mind and heart and then take reference in the Mahayana
teaching.
So compassion is the very fundamental force behind taking refuge.
Along with some really unknown situation, the circumstances of samsara
and the rest of the joy of the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, then you take reference.
And how long we take this refuge? How long are we going to kill?
Until we become the enlightenment, our self.
That means, until we discover full our potential.
In other words, full potential of nature, of our own Buddha nature.
Fully is wet up. Until then, I go to reference.
What that means? Until then, then you don't go.
Then according to the teaching, you yourself or each of us become as object of refuge.
You reach the ultimate goal of the refuge, become the Buddha.
You full potential, discover the potential and from that on, that means you discover full potential
full quality of Dharma, Kaya nature. From that on, now you're going to benefit for all living
beings.
Like Rupa Kaya or the day I mentioned, of course you all know.
And how are you going to help? Until every living being is rich in enlightenment.
Everyone. And those I mentioned earlier, and again I'm sure you know that.
They say that then there is pervasive continuation,
spontaneous way to go and benefit all living beings
until they reach their final goal or until they reach,
discover their final potential in the Buddha world.
They are going to benefit.
So that is the reason, the idea of the technique.
Here, Japjie Dunurmud said, said that rafuddhi like imperious work in here.
Again, if I read this, of course you have this.
This, this trusting that three jewels are the imperious source of rafuddhi.
So that is your taking rafuddhi.
Now, how we take rafuddhi? Generally, of course, of course you take rafuddhi.
Rafuddhi is within master, lineage master or the spiritual friend gave a healing.
Spiritual friend, you take rafuddhi.
Once you take rafuddhi with that, that means you are connected to the lineage.
You are connected to the lineage.
You are now put the first step on the path to enlightenment
or you are in the path true. You put or we put.
Or we are now right on the, we cross the border of the samsara and nirvana.
When we talk the rafuddhi, we are crossing the border of the samsara to the nirvana states.
That is really the beginning.
Beginning, we try to rafuddhi.
From onto that own, when you try to talk the rafuddhi, then you always take your self rafuddhi.
You should do that.
Often, every day, every time, every you can do.
Those are the teachings said, fill the presence of the nirvana sambhava
who is the important part of all of the rafuddhi.
That means Buddha, Dharma, Sangha, Guru, Deva, Dakinis and Dharma Kaya, Sambokaya.
The Maa Kaya Buddha or whatever name, but Guru Pembrokhi is,
Guru Pembrokhi is embodiment of all those of the rafuddhi.
And what that means? Again, Guru Pembrokhi is embodiment of the loving kindness,
compassion, wisdom that has ever existed in the world
or well existed or it is now.
All come together in one form as Guru Pembrokhi sambhava.
And Guru Pembrokhi sambhava is also, as I said,
embodiment of all the teachers.
The teachers, you have personal connections, you have spiritually connected to you.
It is embodied by that.
Because your personal friend, personal spiritual friend,
they are your friend because their kindness, their wisdom, their knowledge,
their understanding, they share it to you or inspire somebody.
That is what really we are known as the friends.
So Guru Pembrokhi sambhava is embodiment of all those kind friends,
supporters in one form.
And then, Guru Pembrokhi sambhava is transcendental, west of rainbow body.
Rainbow body of loving kindness, compassion and wisdom.
And Guru Pembrokhi sambhava embodiment of all the Buddhas come in the past.
That includes the Buddha Shakta Malimas.
All the Buddhas now, that includes such as the Vedya Satvas,
and Sambhavas, and Amitavas, Amogas, Siddhas, all five Dayana Buddhas,
five male Buddhas, five people Buddhas.
And all Buddhas will come in the future.
All come one token, at a single state as Guru Pembrokhi sambhava.
And Guru Pembrokhi sambhava is sitting right in front of your sky.
That may be far or like this, or all may be ten, fifteen pieces
kind of way in your distance right in front of the sky.
Beautiful trees, beautiful trees, that dual tree.
And it has about five branches.
On the central branch of the pull of the lotos,
Guru Pembrokhi sambhava sitting on the sun and moon dressers, sun and moon dressers, lotos and sun
and moon dressers.
Looking to us with eye of loving kindness, compassion, and welcoming to us.
And smiling with very joyful, warmly receiving eyes.
And Guru Pembrokhi sambhava, all the lineage masters.
One after another, different poems, different gestures.
And right side of Guru Pembrokhi sambhava, or right in front of Guru Pembrokhi sambhava,
depends with the different lineage masters according to their instructions.
But in front side, according to his whole religion and structure,
all the Yidam deities, such as Vidyakalayas and as well as Hayagiwas,
Yamitakas, and Adhiruka deities, and as well as all Rata-buddhis,
and men and people, and peaceful Rata, all those deities right in front of us,
or of Guru Pembrokhi sambhava, facing to us.
And the right side of Guru Pembrokhi sambhava, there's all the Buddhas.
Buddhas of one thought and Buddhas welcome, or came and welcomed,
our own, and right in front, Buddhas of one.
And left side of Guru Pembrokhi sambhava, all the great bodhisattvas,
bodhisattvas, such as Mejihiri, Awalakkadishwara, Vaidya Pani,
and all the bodhisattvas, and as well as then the old Ahatas,
Shari Putta, Mungal Putta, Anand, Mahakasalpa, Vayam, and all those are,
even their different gestures, different forms.
Above the Guru Pembrokhi sambhava, I think I already said,
all the linear masters, Dzokhi lineage masters,
all mind to mind transmission, masters of mind to mind transmission lineage,
and masters of the Sambodhi transmission lineage,
and masters of the oral transmission lineage,
and as well as all the thetans, and all those kamal lineage masters,
thema lineage masters, everyone is above Guru Pembrokhi sambhava.
Even though Guru Pembrokhi sambhava represent all of that in one single form,
Vayat is surrounded by all these enlightened beings.
Even though there's a lot of different forms,
gesture, color, and all that reality, they all are the same nature.
Full of love, full of compassion, full of wisdom,
full of power and abilities of love and kindness and compassion,
wisdom, to help to ask to all the beings.
Everyone is emanating light of love and compassion, wisdom,
healing light to ask to all the beings of six realms.
In front of that you, and then as well as all our lovers,
our family members, friends, and the neighbors,
and all the beings of six realms are right in front of us.
And everyone is so joyful, calm, beautiful,
separate, dominant, gesture of the, gesture of the respect of the body,
their heart, what's called the hand of the heart center,
this is called the gesture of the respect of the body.
And gestures of the respect of the speech,
joining the prayers, so melodious and beautiful.
And gestures and respect of the mind is full of devotions,
full of pain, really closely connected
without doubt and hesitations.
And a giant reference to prayers as we do.
All giant, seven line prayers.
That way we guide all the time.
The home or the origin of that.
That's seven line prayers.
This seven line prayer that as we guide it every day,
is maybe two times each session.
Here we guide it, this is known as one of the most powerful prayers
known as the Bhagavatam Sambo,
invoke the power and the blessing of Bhagavatam Sambo
and as well as all the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas,
all the Gurus, Devas, Dakinis, all the Lama, Jeddah and Khandra's blessings.
It's really very powerful.
It is, Kenji Parthishara much mentioned many times,
it is, if we even join that, it is ruffled, it is both each other.
It is among the blessings.
It is among the power and blessings of the Gurbel Lama Sambo
and mandaling Gurbel Lama Sambo to your own heart
with confidence and a job.
It's truly, it is so powerful.
This is like just every teaching.
All the Dharma teachings,
it just echoes this teaching since the beginning time,
or in the 11th century, until now.
So many thetans of those great masters
revere the same line, same world, these seven line prayers.
And can you remember?
Can we, we can, you can imagine them.
So many practices, giant displays, same thing,
with full of their devotions, relaxations, really giant
and completely purified their obscuration
and more the power and blessings of Gurbel Lama Sambo.
Sambo.
And Gurbel Lama Sambo himself said,
these seven line prayers is like,
involve the power and the urge in the call of me, me.
Whoever calls me with the seven line prayers,
with devotion, I will be there.
Really, he's mentioned.
So many of those great practitioners
have witnessed the power of this in the past.
It's just a renowned one.
So we are on that line.
We're giant displays.
And that is so you can do a rough prayer
or a simple seven line prayer, giant in that.
And you do that.
And during that time, whether you're giant displays,
and then so many blessings like coming from Gurbel Lama Sambo,
come Sambo to us, to all the beings.
And those blessings, the lights are coming.
Form of lights, all forms of syllables,
form of the Gurbel Lama Sambo himself, big and small,
and form into light forms, of course, rainbow lights.
And such is the big and size of the Gurbel Lama Sambo
as like just kind of snowing or the showering down to us.
And to every pore, it's our "Aa" and those blessings.
And the form of the syllables,
such as Om, Ah, Om, Bejal, Guru, Lama Sambo,
all are simply Om, Ah, Homs, White Om, Red Ah, Blue Ah,
all those are coming, like showering,
going to every pore, our bodies,
every pore of the all living beings,
purifying all the disease,
sicknesses, contagious disease,
virus that is completely disappearing there
and healed up everything and not just more than that,
completely revered their potential, enlightenment natures,
completely ready.
And from that, Om, their love and kindness and compassion,
skillful means and courage and commitment completely everywhere,
as sun is shining completely, really feel that.
And they feel that.
And with that, reciting mantra.
Always reciting the mantra or reciting prayers
or reciting the rafuti prayers.
And also, you will, you're joined in several line prayer
or rafuti prayer, you can, according to teaching,
you can regulate every sentence, means adjoining, same thing.
All joined with you.
All.
In the Buddha's teaching, expanding mind is so important.
Expanding.
Mind is big as a space.
Even in the teaching, it's bigger than space.
But we shrink ourselves by joining, misunderstanding.
So therefore, open the heart, open the mind.
Bring the vastness of the mind as it has.
And every living being is a chanting.
Every living being is upholding their heart center
with calm and peaceful, respectfulness.
And respectful of the chanting and the prayers.
Respectfully of the love and compassion,
so overwhelming in their heart.
This is known as the taking love or practicing guru yoga,
mingling the guru or the Buddha nature to your own natural mind.
Mad mind.
And then finally, when you're going to conquer the practices,
there's a slightly different kind of instruction.
So now our fourth one is that so many blessing lights are coming
from all the of you will have with you that you will have your light.
And as well as from Birkheim symbol, all blessing lights come into you.
And to all the beings, purify completely all the obscurations,
obstacles, diseases, sickness in everything, habit dependence.
All are completely purified.
And finally, that moment, then you dissolve yourself now.
All the sentient beings are dissolved into light
and that merge to the old autographals.
And then, that old autograph, everything dissolved to the Gurbam symbol
and the Gurbam symbol dissolved to the vastness state of the Dharmadhatu
or the Dharmadhatu.
And that's the one way to do the practices.
The other way to continue the practices,
receive all the blessings, continue when you recite a mantra.
And all those masters, assembly masters,
the witches surrounding Gurbam symbol
finally dissolved to Gurbam symbol.
And Gurbam symbol were dissolved to the free syllable
or a small sphere of light like this.
Small sphere, the size of the pea, pea, pea,
and the size of the pea is like very natural,
is like totally the blissfulness of the emptiness
and that dissolved to your heart center.
And that moment, then you meditate on the non-duality, non-dual,
non-consultant status, if you can pour whatever your time is.
Three minutes, five minutes, ten minutes.
So that is really known as the text, the raffles.
That you can do, once you talk the raffles,
already with the lineage spiritual masters,
then you can take that again and again, do that again.
Renewing is always important.
And that is actually also known as practicing,
keeping the practicing, keeping the flame continually
and not let go away, keeping that.
Inspire ourselves in the continuity.
Keep the freshness of the energy of the practices.
Then resolve will come.
So that is the briefly talk of this general text reference.
And then I talk really about this again,
devotion, as we said, is so important.
As I said yesterday, story of the Ashoka, young boy,
that devotion is an interesting devotion.
That because he is seeing the Buddha, he inspired,
when Buddha and his students are coming,
he inspired, he immediately organized,
he offered his from the treasure department
or whatever he named, and offered his handful
of the treasure to Buddha.
And that is an interesting devotion.
And that brought such huge results.
There is many stories.
Then, when interested, he had that devotion.
Then desirable devotion also has a big benefit,
and then also trusty devotion.
Then all the pair developed, as I said, the story of the Kumbhumbi.
Kumbhumbi, that is the trust.
He completely trust that center a lot in the Lasas,
as cathedral, the famous Buddha.
He really thought he is a living Buddha.
He never had any second thought of his stage or not.
He just thought he came with attitude.
He saw that way, and he received that big blessings the same way.
And there is another story that in the words of my perfect teacher,
many of you read, I just want to say again one that.
And that is like that story that is the son of the one lady,
well, her son, he was marching the story that he usually goes,
not usually, often he goes to India to do the business.
He said his mother was very devoted to the Buddha.
And always thought, my son is going to India,
he must should bring some relax or blessed object from Buddha
because India is the holy land of the Buddha.
And the Buddha was born and gave the teaching and all that.
So he always had that expectation.
He asked her three times, each time he forgot that to do.
And then finally she said, he didn't bring anything.
So then finally she said, when you go this time,
you don't bring anything to me as a blessing from India,
as my object of commemoration, I will die right in front of you if you don't bring.
So really she made that statement.
So now her son is returning from the trip from India.
India, it is an authority close to their houses.
Suddenly he remembered what his mother asked him.
So he didn't feel so bad, not what to do.
And then he had not converted what he told what to do.
And he is looking around right nearby him.
So there is like dog's head, dog's head, dry dog's head, head there.
And he thought, I'm going to take some from this dog's head.
So he pulled the truth of the dogs from the dog's head
and he wrapped that with silk, nice broken silk.
And then he told, I'm going to tell to my mom,
this is Buddha's truth that I'm going to tell and give to him that.
So he really did that.
So then he arrived back to home.
Mother asked, do you bring anything from India for my object of commemoration?
Anything there? And then he said, yes, I brought very special to you.
And the Buddha's truth, I brought you truth.
And he's so happy, so excited, really, she's so happy.
And he put that on auto, auto, and she's practicing the praying.
She never had any doubt and hesitations.
She really taught this is Buddha's truth.
Because of all of her trusted prayer or imperative of prayer,
in the teachings, the bliss of the Buddha, Shatya Muni,
entered in that dog's teeth and is coming light, rainbow lightness.
Many beautiful things are really kind of showing up sign.
And she's so happy and so devoted.
She continually practiced and offering to them.
And in the teachings said, when she died, she died with sign of realization,
peacefully, happy, and rainbow light came to her body or the dog's teeth.
So this is the power of the devotions, the power of the prayer.
Even it's not exactly Buddha's teeth, but when you have that trust,
confidence, borrowed mind, joined the blissness of Buddha, Shatya Muni,
transformed the dog's teeth into Buddha's relaxed truth.
So that is really the story. How important of these prayers are.
If we don't have the prayer, it doesn't matter whoever there
is not going to gain any result, any benefit.
Again, there's so many stories throughout these stories.
But I tell one thing, that is in Buddha's time.
Buddha is totally enlightened.
There's nothing higher realization, achievement,
and discovery than Buddha did.
It's full of love and full of compassion.
But for example, there are so many people who did not have any joy
or the devotion, close feeling to the Buddha during Buddha's time.
But this is one of the examples.
He's one of the relatives known as Lekwakana.
Buddha has his own relatives, Lekwakana.
Lekwakana.
Lekwakana, Buddha becomes very capable, he doesn't want to teach it.
Somehow, he came to Buddha and told all natures.
He said, "Tell all natures."
And Buddha came, he stayed close with Buddha.
But he always told, "We both are equal, because the bones same climb."
Climb?
"And I know Buddha don't have any better quality than himself," Lekwakana, he told.
"I know what Buddha is talking or teaching, I know the same thing."
Same thing.
"What did you have?"
"You don't have any extra things."
"We are equal, except one thing," he said.
He had, later on, a bigger aura that I see.
He had a bigger aura, but the other day, he and I were equal.
And one time, he left, he said.
At the end, he said, "I've been with you so many years,
but I don't see any good quality about you.
I'm going to leave."
So he left.
So these are the stories.
If you don't have them, pay it.
Even if you are sitting right in front of the church.
Create noble beings, enlightened beings.
You won't get any benefit.
It is like known as turning the cave, turning the cave or bowl
in the other side of the mountain or the northern side of the mountain.
There is no sunlight or heat.
Even the sun is shining equally, but when the bowl is on the northern side,
the facing bowl, B-O-W-A, I think, is so cool.
Facing to the northern side, sunlight never goes in.
Even it is present, so similar.
And there are so many stories like that, and you know it's not something.
Mysteries.
When you don't have the really connection of openness, open heart and mind,
you will know that is the calling of there is not going to see, not going to receive.
And therefore, so this devotion is so important.
Once you got the pain, and that is known as open door of the path of truth,
path of enlightenment.
That is what it is.
That is my brief talk for today.
And thank you very much again for joining me and listening my broken English.
And thank you so much, everyone.
Really thank you.
And I am very appreciative and very, very appreciative and honored of your patient.
Honored to your patient.
Patient in your standing and listening again with me.
Thank you.
Thank you very much, everybody.
Okay.
Now we do short meditation again.